Washington journal continues our guest
joining us at our c-span table William
bloom he is the author of this book
rogue states a guide to the world's only
superpower the book and our guests both
in the news as of late due to a
statement from Osama bin Laden you may
remember that it was in the latest tape
that was released at the nod and said
that and I quote here and if Bush
decides to carry on with his lies and
oppression then it would be useful you
do for useful for you to read the book
rogue state which states in its
introduction if I were president I would
stop the attacks on the United States
first I would give an apology to all the
widows and orphans and those who were
tortured they would I would announce
that American interference in the
nations of the world has ended once and
for all mr. bloom what's it been like
for you over the last few weeks
very very hectic I haven't slept a good
night yet in the past ten days but I'm
enjoying it tell us a little bit about
the reaction you have received because
of Osama bin Laden's mention of you and
your work well I've gotten about a
thousand emails many of which are
hostile and a few even threatening but
I've also gotten plenty of supports even
some old friends I hadn't seen in many
years have contacted me and I've been on
a media world one which is very new to
me I was on TV for the first time in my
life I think it was I'm looking forward
to going back to my normal daily routine
actually Y hasta la wife threatening
emails and words oh because they think
I'm giving aid and comfort to the enemy
that's one of the main arguments and
they that they're very upset by that but
I my answer I give you my answer which I
give to them if you want to hear that
go ahead my answer is on the one hand I
have nothing about intense dislike for
religious fundamentalism and the kinds
of society spawned by such
fundamentalism like the Taliban and have
understand so that should be clear I
have total distaste for that on the
other hand I'm a member of a movement
which is committed which has the envy
high ambition of slowing down if not
stopping the American Empire and and
hoping to cease its continuation of very
harmful actions all over the world like
the the bombings and the interventions
and the overthrowing governments and
torture and so on it's been going on for
a long a long time and we're committed
to slowing that down and and to do that
we have to reach the American public and
to reach the American public we have to
have access to the mass media which we
normally don't I mean I certainly don't
and so because of what happened
I I have had much more access to to the
mass media than ever imagined I would so
for that reason I'm glad that it
happened did you attempt to distance
yourself once the Laden's statements
came out about your book and your work I
from from the first moment I've kept a
distance from him and his his philosophy
in his politics but I have not said that
I'm sorry that had happened
the reason I just gave I'm not sorry so
because because it assists you in your
cause yes exactly for those who are not
familiar with the work could you give us
an abscess of rogue state the first
version of that book came out in the
year 2000 following the American bombing
of Yugoslavia in 1999 which we were told
by the government was an act of
humanitarianism and I was inspired
thusly
to sit down and write this book which is
in effect a mini encyclopedia of the
many kinds of unhu' manatorian policies
of u.s. foreign policy and it's it's a
catalog of all those things those
chapters are torture and interventions
and overthrowing governments and the use
of chemical and biological weapons and
interference in elections all the less
than nice things our government has done
over the past 60 years in this foreign
policy
the quote that Osama bin Laden used
specifically when we reference your work
that doesn't come from this book oh it
doesn't if it comes from I I forgotten
at first about this it comes from the
the edition published in the UK this
kick came out in the first version came
out in 2000 in the States but in 2002 a
English version came out in in the UK
and that version is what was became the
Arabic edition of the book and I assumed
it was the Arabic edition of that
version which was read by bin Laden and
so he was right it's in that version
your publisher is reacting to this how
he with great sorrow that he doesn't
have enough copies on hand he had we're
sold that completely we had only a small
amount anyhow he were sold out and it'll
be a few weeks I'll be funny any copies
are available so I asked anyone who
wants a white copy to please have
patience it'll be the end of February
before copies are available again what
do you want to do politically with the
experiences that you're getting now and
what what happens next well I'm just
glad that it's happening now and I'll be
dealing with with the media and with the
emails for some time yet I guess we have
calls for you
again if you want to talk to our guests
the numbers will be on your screen as
you put them up and you can also email
us journal at c-span org your first call
comes from Detroit Michigan caller go
ahead hi first I want to make it clear I
am not condoning what I saw on bin Laden
sitting about your book and everything
else he's a murderer he's a killer he
should have been caught already he's the
one who did 9/11 this administration
used that to go to Iraq and everything
they do everything is related to
terrorism they keep scaring the American
people it's about time the Americans
stood up do they know that in Iraq with
all those bombs that they made there
might be somebody in this house they
start bombing these houses between 150
and 200 thousand Iraqis are dead not the
insurgents
but to men women babies children
collateral damage they keep calling it
this government is scary they want power
they want go ahead do whatever they want
does he been in there is some secret
secrets the energy thing everything's a
secret to them we pay them they come out
of our tax money they were supposed to
serve us mr. blue yes I was I'm confused
I thought at first the caller was
opposed to me but the way he finished up
it sounds like he's on my side one
thought though I mean he says we went to
Iraq because of 9/11 dad that is
fallacious I think we're there for other
reasons like like oral for one and
Saddam Hussein had no connection
whatsoever with 9/11 or whether I was
al-qaeda Sherman Oaks California
yes mr. poem how proud you must be that
you get such a great review from from a
man that the Democrats admires so much
Osama bin Laden you're making money off
the man the perpetrator of 9/11 you can
again you must be so proud you and the
other Democrats on this hate America
Left must be you know you know that
you're putting the final nail in the
coffin of the Democratic Party and and
for that I am grateful and have you ever
worked on your list first of all I am
NOT a a Democrat at all
I mean of the party so I don't know why
you assume that secondly that party has
not endorsed bin Laden even though you
say that and certainly I've never used
the word proud I'm not proud of the
endorsement I'm glad of it that's not
the same thing at all
Newport wrote Rhode Island good morning
gentlemen mr. bloom I sincerely
appreciate you being on and in spite I
want to apologize for all the ignoramus
and the neocons that want to reframe the
question and attack you like the prior
caller I come from an open mind I can
completely understand your philosophy
your factorial information on your book
you are
trying to pose the question to people
that are of an open mind to look at our
policy are terrible foreign policy of
all the things the President Bush said
he was going to do and he's done the
complete opposite for this country we
have increased terrorism we've increased
our enemies and all you're trying to do
I believe is speak out in regards to
this to stand up for our nation for what
we stand up for not to stand against
this country or this administration or
anything and that people need to have an
open mind and stop their ignorance and
always immediately assume that you're
some kind of a liberal or progressive or
whatever that you are is just you are
more patriotic than a lot of people to
come on TV and the people to see you and
all the threats that you've had against
you I am so proud of you and I hope that
God and the American people will stand
up for you along with the many American
citizens to stop this kind of terrible
diplomacy I can't even really use the
word and God bless you and keep up the
good work and I really admire your
strength and courage thank you very much
one point you mentioned which is very
important that our foreign policy is in
fact creating terrorists of
anti-american terrorists and this was
confirmed last year by a CIA report was
said exactly that and that by itself is
reason enough for us to leave Iraq
William bloom Rochester New York I'm
just waking up and catching this program
it's nice to wake up to a good
discussion I don't mean against or for
you in any way but I was curious about
to hear comments you may have on one
historical fact and I subscribed
somewhat to come up in the atrocity and
also Tom Barnett Pentagon's new math and
that is in the absence of the Cold War
keeping a lid on pressure cookers after
1990 things have been popping up a left
to right where we have to keep things in
stock we have to be the world's police
in assembly state form otherwise we're
dealing with masks
if you went to a time machine and went
back to 1900 and asked people would
there be more than a hundred democratic
countries nations in the world in the
year 2000 would have been shot instead
no way if you would have gone in 1945
and said how would Germany and Japan end
up and now they're two of the top two of
the top five economic powers in the
world if you would have gone in 1947
when the Marshall Plan was investing in
countries like Greece and gone to 2002
where the Olympics were held with Russia
taking part I would agree with you that
short-term wins we are creating more
terrorism but long-term strategic plans
to reshape the world goes back to Wilson
and truth
Truman those policies and long-term
strategies well the world has never
asked us to be the policemen for the
whole world and I think we took a poll
right now amongst the the people of the
world you would find great opposition to
what what you're just saying like the
polls do show that the major polls in
the past few years in the Middle East
and elsewhere have shown that people are
not a the the people in the Middle East
for example are not opposed to our
freedom and democracy as we're told by
the White House they're not opposed to
our culture our music on our television
they're opposed to a foreign policy that
is that is what separates them from
other people and we have to we're gonna
continue to create terrorists and long
as long as our foreign policy doesn't
change and being the world's policeman
is not a way to change that's the way
it's been a story of Oregon yeah good
morning I was very interested to hear
and agree with everything does the
author says about our fallen policy and
and its impact on the world I do have a
a defense for him that he might be able
to use and that is that on September the
12th Noam Chomsky has mentioned in many
that he predicted that the that every
repressive regime in this world would
begin to call their the rebellions of
the people terrorism and no one ever
says anything about that or nobody ever
says all George Bush is promoting you
know terrorism around the world or
promoting these repressive regimes or
getting in bed with them and that kind
of thing so I think that's one of the
opposite situation where you have Osama
bin Laden happening to read his book and
say something about it but then on the
other hand you've got these repressive
regimes saying you know we've got to
fight this terrorism which is just
usually a people's rebellion yeah the
word terrorism today is used in the same
way and just as loosely as the word
communism was was used during the Cold
War and I deal with that question in my
books it's my thesis that the there was
never in fact an international communist
conspiracy as we were all told so that's
a major lie it compares with the
demerger lie of this period that if in
fact a saddam hussein had had those
awful weapons then we would have been
justified to invade iraq but that's
that's that's fallacious because what
reason would he have had to attack the
u.s. unless he has an irresistible urge
for mass national suicide so that's
that's what that's a big lie which is
seldom mentioned anymore tallahassee
florida
hi mr. Blume but you are do you know how
many Iraqi civilians have been killed by
American action and by the Iraqi
civilians I mean innocent non-combatants
do you have a number for that and if so
do you know where it's published so that
we can verify some of these numbers we
hear well one thing a sauce which comes
to mind is of them about a year and a
half ago so the lancet the medical
journal
in the UK they did a Philly a scientific
survey of the households in Iraq and
determined that what there were over a
hundred thousand civilians killed in
this it was some time ago so now it's
much more of course the figure by which
Bush gives out at thirty thousand I'm
sure is far understated priest river ID
awho say thank you for taking my call
and thank you for c-span wanted to ask
the author uh since uh sama bin Laden
did recommend his book or any books you
would recommend sir um for example do
you read any des Griffin or anything
like that des Griffin I'm not sure name
the book descended to slavery
maybe not but is there any about u.s.
foreign policy which is my specialty the
the author's I would most recommend
would be Michael Parenti and Noam
Chomsky and Edward Herrmann and Howard
Zinn and Alexander Coburn Minneapolis go
ahead good morning thank you for taking
my call I wanted to ask the gentleman
does he consider his politics of a
democrat or republican and since he
wrote the book in 2000
condemning the illegal bombing of the
former yugoslavia
what is opinion about the fact that if
Saddam was left alone and the sanctions
were removed he would have eventually
possessed nuclear weapons which would
have been a danger to the world so it
was better to take him out now and also
does he feel the NSA is tapping his
phone thank you
it's pure speculation about whether
Saddam Hussein would have had nuclear
weapons if we left him alone but even
more important there was no reason to to
be frightened about that any more than
being frightened by Pakistan having such
weapons or India or England or France or
Israel or the u.s. or China I mean why
do we sing
Saddam Hussein and Iraq for being this
nuclear threat the world is full of such
possible threats but I wouldn't single
him out and I think your first question
had to do with my party affiliation I'm
neither a Democrat or a Republican I'm
independent of both parties and when it
comes to foreign policy I must emphasize
this in my mind there was absolutely no
distinction whatsoever between the two
major parties when it comes to foreign
policy our guest does have a website it
is killing hope org why the website
address of killing hope that's the name
of my main book the full title is
telling her US military and CIA
interventions since World War two and
what will people find on your website
they'll find a description and and
chapters and each of my books with links
to each of them
William blooms our guests for the
remainder of our time orchid Park New
York
good morning go ahead yes Orchard Park
was very close let me ask a little
different type of question we all know
that the Bush administration was a
Foursquare in a full-court press to
invade Iraq but let me ask you sir why
the American media seemed to be a
cheerleader for example as you know 60%
over 60% of the American people in a
poll in an accurate poll fully believed
that Saddam Hussein was involved in 9/11
now they all didn't wake up and feel
that it was the American media including
your own host here this morning that
allowed call after call after call
saying because of 9/11 we must invade
Iraq you see the slippery connection
that's been made and I don't recall
anybody on c-span or the media saying
course Foley there is no connection your
comment sir yeah I think the figure you
give of 60% may have been the case
shortly after we invaded Iraq but I
think now it's down to 20% or something
I mean it's so
a belief to hold in the absence of any
evidence that I'm surprised at even 20%
Houston Texas yes good morning uh I'd
like to ask mr. bloom where he was born
and a brief background on his upbringing
in education and how he became such an
expert on this field expert on what
expert in your field and I'm assuming
foreign policy I was born in New York
City in Brooklyn and I went to City
College of New York and in the 1960s I
was working at the State Department as a
computer systems analyst and program but
my ambition at the time was to become a
foreign service officer I was a good
loyal anti-communist and I wanted to
join the cause but then a thing called
Vietnam came along and that changed my
mind completely and my life how do you
document the sources in your book well
the book is very well documented all the
sources are listed and if you look
through the back
reception you'll see that most of my
sources are from the mass media the
Washington Post and New York Times are
all over the place and plus books by
former presidents and former diplomats
the previous caller had asked about the
media's role in reporting this what's
your take on that well the media has
changed along with the American public
or maybe vice versa I mean the the basis
of the wall is still not questions as
much as I would like it to be but it's
improved a lot I mean the past couple of
years I've noticed the press asking much
tougher questions of the President and
when he gives them a slippery answer
they repeat the question and and they
were more insistent and I think that's a
very good change east Albany Georgia
good morning I guess the boy from Texas
didn't his hunch didn't play out he was
trying to insinuate that maybe you would
warn us and native-born citizen
I Love New York and I'm I'm glad you're
from New York and New York took the
brunt of this always 9/11 excuse that
they used but uh speaking of excuses if
you were riding a transportation public
transportation bus and the driver had a
bad wreck and hurt everybody on the bus
who would you blame the driver who was
driving it last week or the driver who
caused the wreck and that's what they're
doing they're blaming the Clinton
administration for the attack on
September 11th and they always say that
well we haven't been attacked since
September 11th and I asked what about
this mailing of anthrax that all they
use with simple postage stamps to shut
down effectively Washington DC and I'm
gonna quit yakking and listen it's it's
fallacious to say that we have not been
attacked since 9/11 because of our
invasions and occupations of Afghanistan
and Iraq American targets have been have
been hit scores of times all over the
Middle East South Asia and even in the
Pacific Pacific area dozens and dozens
of attacks so we have not actually made
any headway you know and being safer
than we were before
Bella Vista Arkansas good morning I'm
kind of a results-oriented person and I
look at the footprints that the United
States has left where they've been and
I'm just kind of curious you want to
live in North Korea you want to live in
South Korea you want to live in Japan
Taiwan or you want to live in Vietnam
and Cambodia Western Europe or Eastern
Europe everywhere the United States has
been they have left a footprint of
freedom and let the people decide their
own country now you have your freedom
why wouldn't you allow other people to
have there's also a repressive
government that you or other people keep
saying can't be too repressive if you
and Norm Johnson you know others like
you can voice your opinion I I really
don't understand you my being able to
voice my opinion is no excuse for the
60 years of American American war crimes
you cannot argue that the US has a right
to bomb people into oblivion because I
have a right to sit here in this studio
and say say a few words it doesn't
follow at all and as far as us leaving
footprints in Africa name one example of
money I can give in Afghanistan the u.s.
in the 1980s overthrew a secular
government there which was giving full
rights to women and other and other
civil liberties we overthrew that
government which led directly to the
Taliban taking power so we have no
that's it that's a one example of the
kind of footprint we have left all over
and I give many examples of the same
kind of fallacy in your thinking for
William bloom Las Vegas hi how are you
doing today yeah what I what the
gentleman just said that about you
speaking in norms on ski the problem is
you don't get the platform that the
others get so you real rarely get hurt
the only reason you're getting heard
today is because of the incident that
happened and I was just wondering in
about Iran because we're talking about
the past but we have something impending
in the future and about not many people
know about the Senate passing these many
nukes these nuclear then there the lot
of people are saying that they're going
to be using those because the Senate
passed saying that's okay to use and
they plan to use them in conjunction
with Israel and Turkey in a plan to hit
Iraq nuclear so-called nuclear thing one
of our you could comment on that if you
know about well for us to invade or bomb
Iran would be just as much of a
violation of international international
law as our invasion and bombing of Iraq
I suspect what might happen is not so
much a a land invasion because we don't
have the Armed Forces for that anymore
but we will bomb them I think
with or without the help of Israel and
that I'm very much opposed to Iran has
as much right to nuclear weapons as as a
nation's do I would like to see all
nations not have such weapons but as
long as some have it and Iran and
surrounded by nations which have those
weapons you know you can't blame them
for wanting to have them cockeysville
Maryland
yes hello go ahead yes well I just
wanted to say first of all I think it's
unfortunate that you've given this man
his format today I guess you know next
we'll we can give Osama bin Laden the
format to to defend his his writings and
maybe his tapes but I just wanted to ask
you sir do you realize that in this
country which you know you you say it's
just foreign policy that you dislike but
we all know that that essentially means
that you are opposed to the country and
the things that it stands for as far as
as freedoms and liberties do you realize
in this country where you've you've
written this book and you making the
money that I assume you're going to make
offset with all the sales across the
Middle East you're gonna get if you did
this in in one of those countries you
you would not be allowed to live they
would they would cut your head off or
something or throw you in jail so just
wanting to make sure that you are were
we're aware of that and there's no
critical of you I just replied to that
question a few minutes ago I mean if the
caller is implying that because I can
sit here and say what I'm saying that
therefore it's okay it's humanitarian
and legal for the US to go around the
world dropping napalm and and missiles
and white phosphorus and all kinds of
other horrible weapons it's okay then is
that what he means to say how do you
stand to make financially on the spoke
because I have no idea the the the
figures that we hear about from on
Amazon are not sales figures those are
ranking figures and I have no idea how
that is arrived at and for all I know if
50 people call Amazon on the same day
about the same book the ranking of that
book will shoot all the way up so
I have no expectation of making much
money out of this he certainly wasn't
any motivation for my doing it
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania yes sir are you
mr. Blume thank you I'm an independent
so I I basically don't choose one side
or another but I do do a little reading
and it said that tell me if you agree
with us or not how close is the United
States to becoming what would be
considered an empire versus a a a
secular state let's say is it not true
we have 800 bases in 130 countries like
that last guy was talking that about we
freq gave freedom to Korea we gave it
but we leave bases back there to keep
our country involved the other question
I have my kids want to get through these
real fast if our country went into Iraq
and Iraq decide to become a Shiite
religion just run to a country that way
as they do it Iran where we can still
consider the democracy that we were in
over there would be considered something
we have to change and control because a
new leader might come in and now that
later would be the one we'd have to take
out as we've done in other countries and
if you can answer some of those I would
appreciate that yeah it would be very
ironic indeed if Iraq became any kind of
Islamic state because under under Saddam
Hussein whom is not I'm not a fan of his
under him there was there was full
religious freedom Jews and Christians
were was safe there and not now though
so what that would be very our honored
Springfield Missouri yes my question for
you mr. bloom is that you stated that
you're independent and all that I mean I
have a couple questions one do you feel
like you're a true American I have no
idea what you mean by a true American
well I mean you're not stating you know
we have soldiers over in Iraq and
Afghanistan and fighting putting their
lives on the line but you want to sit
here and give you no basis to the
terrorists and the ones over there that
are attacking us I said well I support
our armed forces by calling for them
to be sent home immediately and before
they lose an arm or a leg or their
eyesight that's that's how I support
them do you have a follow-up question
caller some of your comments may have
some basis to it but you know until and
when you just made a statement that Iran
has a right to have nuclear weapons like
any other state after their president
has made the comments that he's made
recently about wiping Israel off the
face of the earth I mean what are you
filled out there every leader in the
Middle East is obliged that's at some
point or another to make very tough
statements concerning Israel that's part
of being accepted as legitimate I don't
test my faith faith in those statements
and I don't I think that's that's a an
excuse used to condemn the the leader of
Iran
I'm not any fan of as I assure you Long
Branch New Jersey
good morning mr. bloom thank you for
your intelligence and your clarity and I
need to apologize for all the stupid
white men that you're gonna hear from
for the rest of the morning but I
understand that there were plans weren't
plans on Bush's desk long before
September 11th where Afghanistan and
Iraq and can you speak to you know about
that with some more clarity because I'd
like to understand that a little more
thank you so much sir yeah well there's
evidence certainly that the some of the
Neo cons who surround Bush were were
pushing for an evasion of Iraq as early
as 1998 I think that's that's that's
what document is is a letter signed by
all of them all the big names Wolfowitz
and pearl and all the others and this
letter was sent to Clinton and two other
other leaders calling for an invasion on
Iraq in 1998 that early William bloom
our guests Evanston Illinois mr. bloom
thanks for being in today I am calling
on the Republican line but I have a
quick question and then an equally quick
follow-up if I may the question being do
you think that President Bush and his
actions in Iraq would qualify him to be
classified as a war criminal
yes I do the invasion of Iraq without
any provocation at all without any
invasion of us by Iraq that is so that
is what the UN excuse me the the
Nuremberg Tribunal called the ultimate
crime a war of aggression is what they
called it and that's what this is a war
of aggression if we have a world where
any any nation can invade any other
nation because they don't like their
leader or for any other reason like that
look back on our world would it be and I
really am interested in picking up a
copy of your book because it is an
anthology of 60 years of this type of
behavior
how would you or what I guess the
question I have is because I'm having
difficulty finding this information what
is the total death toll of that occurred
in Iraq due to American bombing and
military as well as civilian that
occurred during the eight years of the
Clinton administration oh I don't know
all the figures but it was just one
famous figure the UN determined that the
embargo upon Iraq had caused the deaths
of about 500,000 children so to that
figure you have to add the adult just
caused by the embargo and that's
independent of the bombing and
what-have-you that's simply the embargo
so it's quite a huge number we're
talking about Mansfield Texas good
morning good morning how are you sir I'm
fine thank you
I'm just simply a amazed at how
short-sighted we are the country has
become I use the analogy that the
earlier caller used with regard to
footprints and his insistence that
wherever we stepped we have left freedom
and democracy in its wake but if we take
a critical objective look at forever
we've been we propped up these regimes
repressive regimes or what call them and
I think to borrow an old phrase the
chickens have just come home to roost
now George Bush has said they hate us
because I freedom
we're extending freedom and democracy
and people are making a choice they're
making a choice that for years centuries
that they had been exploited and there's
one other point I'd like to make we
talked about earlier about the failings
of the Fourth Estate the press I think
they defer to not wanting to give aid
and comfort and support the president
and his endeavor to fight the actual
perpetrators of the 9/11 mr. bloom okay
one point our comment about the the idea
that we leave our foreign policy leaves
freedom in its wake it would be very
difficult to name any dictatorship any
brutal dictatorship of the second half
of the 20th century which was not
supported but by u.s. foreign policy and
more than just supported these men were
put into power and kept in power that is
the record and I I touch upon that in in
my books we have we have been the
champion of dictatorships much more than
the champion of any kind of freedom or
democracy just a few more minutes with
our guests we have this email it says
the stated goal of radical Islamic
fundamentalism is to assimilate or
destroy all non Islam infidel peoples
how would your organization or movement
prevent this from happening if we allow
them to continue to spread across the
world as I mentioned that we are
encouraging the spread of Islamic
fundamentalism and the so called
terrorism by a foreign policy we are not
doing anything to stop that spread
without what our policies it's just the
opposite
New York City good morning
mr. Blum yes okay I seem to get the
impression that you are somewhat naive
in terms of foreign policy it we are in
competition in the global need for you
know resources and we have you know
we've had the Russians you know in the
same feel in the same geopolitical
states that that we've been trying to
attain control and I'm just wonder how
you perceive you know the competition
for natural resources in terms of your
your your thinking and and and how
whether or not we should be conducting
our foreign policy unilaterally without
any regard to what other people are
trying to do to get these resources and
I believe you're very altruistic and I
can appreciate that but I'm just I just
don't understand how the United States
secures oil resources and other natural
resources that we need before we invaded
Iraq we had no problem in getting oil
every country in the Middle East was
selling us oil we there wasn't there was
no barrier to us buying oil we didn't
have to invade them for that kind of
resource so I'm not sure about what
you're speaking of and I'm you're
speaking of a point of view of which I'm
not dealing with any hair at the moment
I'm approaching a foreign policy from a
rather moral point of view
you call that naive if you want but I'm
just appalled at the harm and suffering
that our foreign policy has caused for
the past 60 years and that's where I'm
coming from
Knoxville Telos call good morning mr.
Bloem can you can you tell us why we
bombed Iraq instead of Saudi Arabia and
assume that that was where most of them
hijackers supposedly come from well that
shows that our invasion our bombing an
invasion of Iraq had no kind
at all to 911 and and it certainly had
no connection to freedom or democracy
because Saudi Arabia is not exactly a
free society so that the points are two
of the flaws and the arguments put forth
by the white house again here is the
book rogue state our authors William
bloom thank you for your time sir thank
you very much
coming up on the Washington journal
tomorrow we'll be joined by
representative Chris Shay's and Stephen
Moore as we host a roundtable discussion
about the Republican Party we will do a
same type of discussion about the
Democratic Party with egg' Kilgore of
the Democratic Leadership Council and
Katrina vanden Heuvel of the nation we
will finish our program tomorrow with a
fief Sofia the PLO ambassador to the
United States to discuss the Hamas
elections and the future of Hamas in
Palace of in Palestinian politics and
again we are going to go now to the
Kennedy Space Center in Florida for the
Challenger remembrance service the